Shameful.
Disgraceful.
You clearly suck at this.
Don't even bother trying again.
My grandma could have done better.
You're bad, and you should feel bad.
Are you sure you don't need glasses?
That was terrible.
The robot moves randomly and you couldn't kill it?
Give someone else a turn. You're hopeless.
You're just a scrib aren't you?
A guy with your IQ should have a low voice too!

A half-wit gave you a piece of his mind, and you held on to it.

And there he was: reigning supreme at number two.

Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental!

Anyone who told you to be yourself couldn't have given you worse advice.

Are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?

Are you brain-dead?

As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?

Believe me, I don't want to make a monkey out of you. Why should I take all the credit?

Brains aren't everything. In fact, in your case they're nothing!

Calling you stupid would be an insult to stupid people.

Careful now, don't let your brains go to your head!

Did the mental hospital test too many drugs on you today? 

Do you want do die stupid?

Do you want me to accept you as you are or do you want me to like you?

Doesn't know the meaning of the word fear, but then again he doesn't know the meaning of most words.

Don't feel bad. A lot of people have no talent!

Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.

Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure.

Don't think, it may sprain your brain!

Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?

Don't you love nature, despite what it did to you?

Don't you need a license to be that ugly?

Everyone is gifted. Some open the package sooner.

Excellent time to become a missing person.

Fat? You're not fat, you're just ... fat.

For two cents I'd give you a piece of my mind - and all of yours.

Go ahead, tell them everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds.

Grasp your ears firmly and remove your head from your ass.

Have you considered suing your brains for nonsupport?

Here's 20 cents. Call all your friends and bring back some change!

He's got that far away look. The farther he gets, the better he looks. 

How many years did it take you to learn how to breathe? 

I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it.

I could make a monkey out of you, but why should I take all the credit?

I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!

I don't think you are a fool. But then what's MY opinion against thousands of others?

